Boltz update (#34)
ssciwr/BioStructureHub: docs/tutorials/tutorial_Boltz_bwVisu.md

Reviewer: We have not uploaded the `insulin.yaml` file.

Author: Also clarified that part, hopefully.

Click on "Launch". This will bring you to a new screen showing your interactive sessions. Wait for your session to be ready, then click on "Connect to Jupyter". This brings you into a JupyterLab environment.

### Step 3: Set a Working Directory and Upload Files

Now we need to define a working directory. These will contain all files necessary for the tutorial. A new directory can be created using folder icon on the top left of the file browser:

![Screenshot](../images/tutorial/bwVisu_newDir.png){: style="height:111px;width:444px"}

> Download the tutorial notebooks from our <a href="https://github.com/ssciwr/BioStructureHub/tree/main/notebooks" target="_blank" rel="noopener">github</a>. Upload the notebook to bwVisu by clicking on the upload button:

Reviewer: which ones specifically?

![Screenshot](../images/tutorial/bwVisu_upload.png){: style="height:111px;width:444px"}

You also need a `.fasta` file of your sequence to start. You can use our example `insulin.fasta` from our <a href="https://github.com/ssciwr/BioStructureHub/tree/main/references/boltz" target="_blank" rel="noopener">github</a>

### Step 4: Open the Notebook and Start the Calculation

>  Open `Boltz_input.ipynb` and select the `boltz` kernel. You can verify the kernel in the top right corner of your JupyterLab instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Open `Boltz_w_mmseqs.ipynb` and select the `boltz` kernel. You can verify the kernel in the top right corner of your JupyterLab instance:
```
